    code pen link: https://codepen.io/weinerjm/pen/VwYLNrV?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation
    2. What is HTML used for?
        Html is used to build the basic structure of a web page 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An atrubute provides addtional information about an html tag. we put it in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used for the most imporant heading in a page. Normally it should only be used once time.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       the head can  include a title for the document, scripts, styles, meta information, and more.
    7. What is an id? 
        an id is a way to reference a particular tag in html, it is a type of attribute.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once is standard practice
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is a type of attribute, it is used to give an easy way to reference a specific tag in an html document.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
        Any. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As often as you like.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        add 'target="_blank"' as an attribute to your opening tag
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        the alt atrubute is used to give meaning to an image for screen readers and other accessiblity devices for the visually impared. It can also impact SEO.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        You reference an id by using the "#" followed with the name of the id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a seciont is semantic mark up and used to denote parts of a page that go togehter thematically. a div has no meaning in mark up and is used for convience for the author of the mark up, though w2c encourages that it be used as the last tag of choice.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to give style to a web page or other html document-- such as color, spacing, font and text styling, and animations.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        with css, you simply type that element tag to select every instance of that element-- ie h2{styles in here}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class is reusable and id is used only once. You would use a class in a situation where you may want to reuse the styling in other areas of the document. An id would be used if you do not have need to use the styling again or to call that specific area seperately for any other reason in the document. An id attribute should be seldomly used as it complicates the coding.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        a class is selected with the period (.) followed by the class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human or p.human depending how how the class is written in the html.
    ******22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        according to MDN : a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer. They tend to act as if you had applied a class to some part of your document, often helping you cut down on excess classes in your markup, and giving you more flexible, maintainable code.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?\
        the line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-trasform:uppercase text-transform:lowercase test-transform:capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border 1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        with the * selector 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        start the commnet with /* and end it with /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
         pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm <name of file> because there's no undo and no "are you sure" warning.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        it makes collaboration easier, records changes better and more effiecitenly, allows for roll backs, and has an unintended role as a type of back up system.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        as often as needed. commits are saved to your local drive only, until you push to github.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u origin firstname-lastname 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Create YOUR OWN version of Repo —> (Fork)
        Add your TL as a collaborator
        Clone YOUR Repo
        Create a branch (the one you are going to be working on)
        Push your new branch up to GitHub and make all future pushes to that branch
        Add your TL as a reviewer on the Pull Request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?